c:\users\bssaladi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\netcoreangularcli\netcoreangularcli\dist\out-tsc\client-src\app\app.component.js
c:\users\bssaladi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\netcoreangularcli\netcoreangularcli\dist\out-tsc\client-src\app\app.component.js.map
c:\users\bssaladi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\netcoreangularcli\netcoreangularcli\dist\out-tsc\client-src\app\app.component.spec.js
c:\users\bssaladi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\netcoreangularcli\netcoreangularcli\dist\out-tsc\client-src\app\app.component.spec.js.map
c:\users\bssaladi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\netcoreangularcli\netcoreangularcli\dist\out-tsc\client-src\app\app.module.js
c:\users\bssaladi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\netcoreangularcli\netcoreangularcli\dist\out-tsc\client-src\app\app.module.js.map
c:\users\bssaladi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\netcoreangularcli\netcoreangularcli\dist\out-tsc\client-src\environments\environment.prod.js
c:\users\bssaladi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\netcoreangularcli\netcoreangularcli\dist\out-tsc\client-src\environments\environment.prod.js.map
c:\users\bssaladi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\netcoreangularcli\netcoreangularcli\dist\out-tsc\client-src\environments\environment.js
c:\users\bssaladi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\netcoreangularcli\netcoreangularcli\dist\out-tsc\client-src\environments\environment.js.map
c:\users\bssaladi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\netcoreangularcli\netcoreangularcli\dist\out-tsc\client-src\main.js
c:\users\bssaladi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\netcoreangularcli\netcoreangularcli\dist\out-tsc\client-src\main.js.map
c:\users\bssaladi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\netcoreangularcli\netcoreangularcli\dist\out-tsc\client-src\polyfills.js
c:\users\bssaladi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\netcoreangularcli\netcoreangularcli\dist\out-tsc\client-src\polyfills.js.map
c:\users\bssaladi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\netcoreangularcli\netcoreangularcli\dist\out-tsc\client-src\test.js
c:\users\bssaladi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\netcoreangularcli\netcoreangularcli\dist\out-tsc\client-src\test.js.map
c:\users\bssaladi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\netcoreangularcli\netcoreangularcli\dist\out-tsc\e2e\app.po.js
c:\users\bssaladi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\netcoreangularcli\netcoreangularcli\dist\out-tsc\e2e\app.po.js.map
c:\users\bssaladi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\netcoreangularcli\netcoreangularcli\dist\out-tsc\e2e\app.e2e-spec.js
c:\users\bssaladi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\netcoreangularcli\netcoreangularcli\dist\out-tsc\e2e\app.e2e-spec.js.map
c:\users\bssaladi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\netcoreangularcli\netcoreangularcli\dist\out-tsc\client-src\app\app.component.js
c:\users\bssaladi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\netcoreangularcli\netcoreangularcli\dist\out-tsc\client-src\app\app.component.js.map
c:\users\bssaladi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\netcoreangularcli\netcoreangularcli\dist\out-tsc\client-src\app\app.component.spec.js
c:\users\bssaladi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\netcoreangularcli\netcoreangularcli\dist\out-tsc\client-src\app\app.component.spec.js.map
c:\users\bssaladi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\netcoreangularcli\netcoreangularcli\dist\out-tsc\client-src\app\app.module.js
c:\users\bssaladi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\netcoreangularcli\netcoreangularcli\dist\out-tsc\client-src\app\app.module.js.map
c:\users\bssaladi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\netcoreangularcli\netcoreangularcli\dist\out-tsc\client-src\environments\environment.prod.js
c:\users\bssaladi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\netcoreangularcli\netcoreangularcli\dist\out-tsc\client-src\environments\environment.prod.js.map
c:\users\bssaladi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\netcoreangularcli\netcoreangularcli\dist\out-tsc\client-src\environments\environment.js
c:\users\bssaladi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\netcoreangularcli\netcoreangularcli\dist\out-tsc\client-src\environments\environment.js.map
c:\users\bssaladi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\netcoreangularcli\netcoreangularcli\dist\out-tsc\client-src\main.js
c:\users\bssaladi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\netcoreangularcli\netcoreangularcli\dist\out-tsc\client-src\main.js.map
c:\users\bssaladi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\netcoreangularcli\netcoreangularcli\dist\out-tsc\client-src\polyfills.js
c:\users\bssaladi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\netcoreangularcli\netcoreangularcli\dist\out-tsc\client-src\polyfills.js.map
c:\users\bssaladi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\netcoreangularcli\netcoreangularcli\dist\out-tsc\client-src\test.js
c:\users\bssaladi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\netcoreangularcli\netcoreangularcli\dist\out-tsc\client-src\test.js.map
c:\users\bssaladi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\netcoreangularcli\netcoreangularcli\dist\out-tsc\e2e\app.po.js
c:\users\bssaladi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\netcoreangularcli\netcoreangularcli\dist\out-tsc\e2e\app.po.js.map
c:\users\bssaladi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\netcoreangularcli\netcoreangularcli\dist\out-tsc\e2e\app.e2e-spec.js
c:\users\bssaladi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\netcoreangularcli\netcoreangularcli\dist\out-tsc\e2e\app.e2e-spec.js.map
c:\users\bssaladi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\netcoreangularcli\netcoreangularcli\dist\out-tsc\client-src\app\app.component.js
c:\users\bssaladi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\netcoreangularcli\netcoreangularcli\dist\out-tsc\client-src\app\app.component.js.map
c:\users\bssaladi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\netcoreangularcli\netcoreangularcli\dist\out-tsc\client-src\app\app.component.spec.js
c:\users\bssaladi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\netcoreangularcli\netcoreangularcli\dist\out-tsc\client-src\app\app.component.spec.js.map
c:\users\bssaladi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\netcoreangularcli\netcoreangularcli\dist\out-tsc\client-src\app\app.module.js
c:\users\bssaladi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\netcoreangularcli\netcoreangularcli\dist\out-tsc\client-src\app\app.module.js.map
c:\users\bssaladi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\netcoreangularcli\netcoreangularcli\dist\out-tsc\client-src\environments\environment.prod.js
c:\users\bssaladi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\netcoreangularcli\netcoreangularcli\dist\out-tsc\client-src\environments\environment.prod.js.map
c:\users\bssaladi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\netcoreangularcli\netcoreangularcli\dist\out-tsc\client-src\environments\environment.js
c:\users\bssaladi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\netcoreangularcli\netcoreangularcli\dist\out-tsc\client-src\environments\environment.js.map
c:\users\bssaladi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\netcoreangularcli\netcoreangularcli\dist\out-tsc\client-src\main.js
c:\users\bssaladi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\netcoreangularcli\netcoreangularcli\dist\out-tsc\client-src\main.js.map
c:\users\bssaladi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\netcoreangularcli\netcoreangularcli\dist\out-tsc\client-src\polyfills.js
c:\users\bssaladi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\netcoreangularcli\netcoreangularcli\dist\out-tsc\client-src\polyfills.js.map
c:\users\bssaladi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\netcoreangularcli\netcoreangularcli\dist\out-tsc\client-src\test.js
c:\users\bssaladi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\netcoreangularcli\netcoreangularcli\dist\out-tsc\client-src\test.js.map
c:\users\bssaladi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\netcoreangularcli\netcoreangularcli\dist\out-tsc\e2e\app.po.js
c:\users\bssaladi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\netcoreangularcli\netcoreangularcli\dist\out-tsc\e2e\app.po.js.map
c:\users\bssaladi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\netcoreangularcli\netcoreangularcli\dist\out-tsc\e2e\app.e2e-spec.js
c:\users\bssaladi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\netcoreangularcli\netcoreangularcli\dist\out-tsc\e2e\app.e2e-spec.js.map
c:\users\bssaladi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\netcoreangularcli\netcoreangularcli\dist\out-tsc\client-src\app\app.component.js
c:\users\bssaladi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\netcoreangularcli\netcoreangularcli\dist\out-tsc\client-src\app\app.component.js.map
c:\users\bssaladi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\netcoreangularcli\netcoreangularcli\dist\out-tsc\client-src\app\app.component.spec.js
c:\users\bssaladi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\netcoreangularcli\netcoreangularcli\dist\out-tsc\client-src\app\app.component.spec.js.map
c:\users\bssaladi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\netcoreangularcli\netcoreangularcli\dist\out-tsc\client-src\app\app.module.js
c:\users\bssaladi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\netcoreangularcli\netcoreangularcli\dist\out-tsc\client-src\app\app.module.js.map
c:\users\bssaladi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\netcoreangularcli\netcoreangularcli\dist\out-tsc\client-src\environments\environment.prod.js
c:\users\bssaladi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\netcoreangularcli\netcoreangularcli\dist\out-tsc\client-src\environments\environment.prod.js.map
c:\users\bssaladi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\netcoreangularcli\netcoreangularcli\dist\out-tsc\client-src\environments\environment.js
c:\users\bssaladi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\netcoreangularcli\netcoreangularcli\dist\out-tsc\client-src\environments\environment.js.map
c:\users\bssaladi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\netcoreangularcli\netcoreangularcli\dist\out-tsc\client-src\main.js
c:\users\bssaladi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\netcoreangularcli\netcoreangularcli\dist\out-tsc\client-src\main.js.map
c:\users\bssaladi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\netcoreangularcli\netcoreangularcli\dist\out-tsc\client-src\polyfills.js
c:\users\bssaladi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\netcoreangularcli\netcoreangularcli\dist\out-tsc\client-src\polyfills.js.map
c:\users\bssaladi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\netcoreangularcli\netcoreangularcli\dist\out-tsc\client-src\test.js
c:\users\bssaladi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\netcoreangularcli\netcoreangularcli\dist\out-tsc\client-src\test.js.map
c:\users\bssaladi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\netcoreangularcli\netcoreangularcli\dist\out-tsc\e2e\app.po.js
c:\users\bssaladi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\netcoreangularcli\netcoreangularcli\dist\out-tsc\e2e\app.po.js.map
c:\users\bssaladi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\netcoreangularcli\netcoreangularcli\dist\out-tsc\e2e\app.e2e-spec.js
c:\users\bssaladi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\netcoreangularcli\netcoreangularcli\dist\out-tsc\e2e\app.e2e-spec.js.map
c:\users\bssaladi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\netcoreangularcli\netcoreangularcli\dist\out-tsc\client-src\app\app.component.js
c:\users\bssaladi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\netcoreangularcli\netcoreangularcli\dist\out-tsc\client-src\app\app.component.js.map
c:\users\bssaladi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\netcoreangularcli\netcoreangularcli\dist\out-tsc\client-src\app\app.component.spec.js
c:\users\bssaladi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\netcoreangularcli\netcoreangularcli\dist\out-tsc\client-src\app\app.component.spec.js.map
c:\users\bssaladi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\netcoreangularcli\netcoreangularcli\dist\out-tsc\client-src\app\app.module.js
c:\users\bssaladi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\netcoreangularcli\netcoreangularcli\dist\out-tsc\client-src\app\app.module.js.map
c:\users\bssaladi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\netcoreangularcli\netcoreangularcli\dist\out-tsc\client-src\environments\environment.prod.js
c:\users\bssaladi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\netcoreangularcli\netcoreangularcli\dist\out-tsc\client-src\environments\environment.prod.js.map
c:\users\bssaladi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\netcoreangularcli\netcoreangularcli\dist\out-tsc\client-src\environments\environment.js
c:\users\bssaladi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\netcoreangularcli\netcoreangularcli\dist\out-tsc\client-src\environments\environment.js.map
c:\users\bssaladi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\netcoreangularcli\netcoreangularcli\dist\out-tsc\client-src\main.js
c:\users\bssaladi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\netcoreangularcli\netcoreangularcli\dist\out-tsc\client-src\main.js.map
c:\users\bssaladi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\netcoreangularcli\netcoreangularcli\dist\out-tsc\client-src\polyfills.js
c:\users\bssaladi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\netcoreangularcli\netcoreangularcli\dist\out-tsc\client-src\polyfills.js.map
c:\users\bssaladi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\netcoreangularcli\netcoreangularcli\dist\out-tsc\client-src\test.js
c:\users\bssaladi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\netcoreangularcli\netcoreangularcli\dist\out-tsc\client-src\test.js.map
c:\users\bssaladi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\netcoreangularcli\netcoreangularcli\dist\out-tsc\e2e\app.po.js
c:\users\bssaladi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\netcoreangularcli\netcoreangularcli\dist\out-tsc\e2e\app.po.js.map
c:\users\bssaladi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\netcoreangularcli\netcoreangularcli\dist\out-tsc\e2e\app.e2e-spec.js
c:\users\bssaladi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\netcoreangularcli\netcoreangularcli\dist\out-tsc\e2e\app.e2e-spec.js.map
c:\users\bssaladi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\netcoreangularcli\netcoreangularcli\dist\out-tsc\client-src\app\app.component.js
c:\users\bssaladi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\netcoreangularcli\netcoreangularcli\dist\out-tsc\client-src\app\app.component.js.map
c:\users\bssaladi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\netcoreangularcli\netcoreangularcli\dist\out-tsc\client-src\app\app.component.spec.js
c:\users\bssaladi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\netcoreangularcli\netcoreangularcli\dist\out-tsc\client-src\app\app.component.spec.js.map
c:\users\bssaladi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\netcoreangularcli\netcoreangularcli\dist\out-tsc\client-src\app\app.module.js
c:\users\bssaladi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\netcoreangularcli\netcoreangularcli\dist\out-tsc\client-src\app\app.module.js.map
c:\users\bssaladi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\netcoreangularcli\netcoreangularcli\dist\out-tsc\client-src\environments\environment.prod.js
c:\users\bssaladi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\netcoreangularcli\netcoreangularcli\dist\out-tsc\client-src\environments\environment.prod.js.map
c:\users\bssaladi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\netcoreangularcli\netcoreangularcli\dist\out-tsc\client-src\environments\environment.js
c:\users\bssaladi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\netcoreangularcli\netcoreangularcli\dist\out-tsc\client-src\environments\environment.js.map
c:\users\bssaladi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\netcoreangularcli\netcoreangularcli\dist\out-tsc\client-src\main.js
c:\users\bssaladi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\netcoreangularcli\netcoreangularcli\dist\out-tsc\client-src\main.js.map
c:\users\bssaladi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\netcoreangularcli\netcoreangularcli\dist\out-tsc\client-src\polyfills.js
c:\users\bssaladi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\netcoreangularcli\netcoreangularcli\dist\out-tsc\client-src\polyfills.js.map
c:\users\bssaladi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\netcoreangularcli\netcoreangularcli\dist\out-tsc\client-src\test.js
c:\users\bssaladi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\netcoreangularcli\netcoreangularcli\dist\out-tsc\client-src\test.js.map
c:\users\bssaladi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\netcoreangularcli\netcoreangularcli\dist\out-tsc\e2e\app.po.js
c:\users\bssaladi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\netcoreangularcli\netcoreangularcli\dist\out-tsc\e2e\app.po.js.map
c:\users\bssaladi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\netcoreangularcli\netcoreangularcli\dist\out-tsc\e2e\app.e2e-spec.js
c:\users\bssaladi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\netcoreangularcli\netcoreangularcli\dist\out-tsc\e2e\app.e2e-spec.js.map
c:\users\bssaladi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\netcoreangularcli\netcoreangularcli\dist\out-tsc\client-src\app\app.component.js
c:\users\bssaladi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\netcoreangularcli\netcoreangularcli\dist\out-tsc\client-src\app\app.component.js.map
c:\users\bssaladi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\netcoreangularcli\netcoreangularcli\dist\out-tsc\client-src\app\app.component.spec.js
c:\users\bssaladi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\netcoreangularcli\netcoreangularcli\dist\out-tsc\client-src\app\app.component.spec.js.map
c:\users\bssaladi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\netcoreangularcli\netcoreangularcli\dist\out-tsc\client-src\app\app.module.js
c:\users\bssaladi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\netcoreangularcli\netcoreangularcli\dist\out-tsc\client-src\app\app.module.js.map
c:\users\bssaladi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\netcoreangularcli\netcoreangularcli\dist\out-tsc\client-src\environments\environment.prod.js
c:\users\bssaladi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\netcoreangularcli\netcoreangularcli\dist\out-tsc\client-src\environments\environment.prod.js.map
c:\users\bssaladi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\netcoreangularcli\netcoreangularcli\dist\out-tsc\client-src\environments\environment.js
c:\users\bssaladi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\netcoreangularcli\netcoreangularcli\dist\out-tsc\client-src\environments\environment.js.map
c:\users\bssaladi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\netcoreangularcli\netcoreangularcli\dist\out-tsc\client-src\main.js
c:\users\bssaladi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\netcoreangularcli\netcoreangularcli\dist\out-tsc\client-src\main.js.map
c:\users\bssaladi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\netcoreangularcli\netcoreangularcli\dist\out-tsc\client-src\polyfills.js
c:\users\bssaladi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\netcoreangularcli\netcoreangularcli\dist\out-tsc\client-src\polyfills.js.map
c:\users\bssaladi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\netcoreangularcli\netcoreangularcli\dist\out-tsc\client-src\test.js
c:\users\bssaladi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\netcoreangularcli\netcoreangularcli\dist\out-tsc\client-src\test.js.map
c:\users\bssaladi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\netcoreangularcli\netcoreangularcli\dist\out-tsc\e2e\app.po.js
c:\users\bssaladi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\netcoreangularcli\netcoreangularcli\dist\out-tsc\e2e\app.po.js.map
c:\users\bssaladi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\netcoreangularcli\netcoreangularcli\dist\out-tsc\e2e\app.e2e-spec.js
c:\users\bssaladi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\netcoreangularcli\netcoreangularcli\dist\out-tsc\e2e\app.e2e-spec.js.map
c:\users\bssaladi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\netcoreangularcli\netcoreangularcli\dist\out-tsc\client-src\app\app.component.js
c:\users\bssaladi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\netcoreangularcli\netcoreangularcli\dist\out-tsc\client-src\app\app.component.js.map
c:\users\bssaladi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\netcoreangularcli\netcoreangularcli\dist\out-tsc\client-src\app\app.component.spec.js
c:\users\bssaladi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\netcoreangularcli\netcoreangularcli\dist\out-tsc\client-src\app\app.component.spec.js.map
c:\users\bssaladi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\netcoreangularcli\netcoreangularcli\dist\out-tsc\client-src\app\app.module.js
c:\users\bssaladi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\netcoreangularcli\netcoreangularcli\dist\out-tsc\client-src\app\app.module.js.map
c:\users\bssaladi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\netcoreangularcli\netcoreangularcli\dist\out-tsc\client-src\environments\environment - Copy.prod.js
c:\users\bssaladi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\netcoreangularcli\netcoreangularcli\dist\out-tsc\client-src\environments\environment - Copy.prod.js.map
c:\users\bssaladi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\netcoreangularcli\netcoreangularcli\dist\out-tsc\client-src\environments\environment.prod.js
c:\users\bssaladi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\netcoreangularcli\netcoreangularcli\dist\out-tsc\client-src\environments\environment.prod.js.map
c:\users\bssaladi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\netcoreangularcli\netcoreangularcli\dist\out-tsc\client-src\environments\environment.js
c:\users\bssaladi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\netcoreangularcli\netcoreangularcli\dist\out-tsc\client-src\environments\environment.js.map
c:\users\bssaladi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\netcoreangularcli\netcoreangularcli\dist\out-tsc\client-src\main.js
c:\users\bssaladi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\netcoreangularcli\netcoreangularcli\dist\out-tsc\client-src\main.js.map
c:\users\bssaladi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\netcoreangularcli\netcoreangularcli\dist\out-tsc\client-src\polyfills.js
c:\users\bssaladi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\netcoreangularcli\netcoreangularcli\dist\out-tsc\client-src\polyfills.js.map
c:\users\bssaladi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\netcoreangularcli\netcoreangularcli\dist\out-tsc\client-src\test.js
c:\users\bssaladi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\netcoreangularcli\netcoreangularcli\dist\out-tsc\client-src\test.js.map
c:\users\bssaladi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\netcoreangularcli\netcoreangularcli\dist\out-tsc\e2e\app.po.js
c:\users\bssaladi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\netcoreangularcli\netcoreangularcli\dist\out-tsc\e2e\app.po.js.map
c:\users\bssaladi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\netcoreangularcli\netcoreangularcli\dist\out-tsc\e2e\app.e2e-spec.js
c:\users\bssaladi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\netcoreangularcli\netcoreangularcli\dist\out-tsc\e2e\app.e2e-spec.js.map
c:\users\bssaladi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\netcoreangularcli\netcoreangularcli\dist\out-tsc\client-src\app\app.component.js
c:\users\bssaladi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\netcoreangularcli\netcoreangularcli\dist\out-tsc\client-src\app\app.component.js.map
c:\users\bssaladi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\netcoreangularcli\netcoreangularcli\dist\out-tsc\client-src\app\app.component.spec.js
c:\users\bssaladi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\netcoreangularcli\netcoreangularcli\dist\out-tsc\client-src\app\app.component.spec.js.map
c:\users\bssaladi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\netcoreangularcli\netcoreangularcli\dist\out-tsc\client-src\app\app.module.js
c:\users\bssaladi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\netcoreangularcli\netcoreangularcli\dist\out-tsc\client-src\app\app.module.js.map
c:\users\bssaladi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\netcoreangularcli\netcoreangularcli\dist\out-tsc\client-src\environments\environment - Copy.prod.js
c:\users\bssaladi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\netcoreangularcli\netcoreangularcli\dist\out-tsc\client-src\environments\environment - Copy.prod.js.map
c:\users\bssaladi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\netcoreangularcli\netcoreangularcli\dist\out-tsc\client-src\environments\environment.prod.js
c:\users\bssaladi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\netcoreangularcli\netcoreangularcli\dist\out-tsc\client-src\environments\environment.prod.js.map
c:\users\bssaladi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\netcoreangularcli\netcoreangularcli\dist\out-tsc\client-src\environments\environment.js
c:\users\bssaladi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\netcoreangularcli\netcoreangularcli\dist\out-tsc\client-src\environments\environment.js.map
c:\users\bssaladi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\netcoreangularcli\netcoreangularcli\dist\out-tsc\client-src\main.js
c:\users\bssaladi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\netcoreangularcli\netcoreangularcli\dist\out-tsc\client-src\main.js.map
c:\users\bssaladi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\netcoreangularcli\netcoreangularcli\dist\out-tsc\client-src\polyfills.js
c:\users\bssaladi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\netcoreangularcli\netcoreangularcli\dist\out-tsc\client-src\polyfills.js.map
c:\users\bssaladi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\netcoreangularcli\netcoreangularcli\dist\out-tsc\client-src\test.js
c:\users\bssaladi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\netcoreangularcli\netcoreangularcli\dist\out-tsc\client-src\test.js.map
c:\users\bssaladi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\netcoreangularcli\netcoreangularcli\dist\out-tsc\e2e\app.po.js
c:\users\bssaladi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\netcoreangularcli\netcoreangularcli\dist\out-tsc\e2e\app.po.js.map
c:\users\bssaladi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\netcoreangularcli\netcoreangularcli\dist\out-tsc\e2e\app.e2e-spec.js
c:\users\bssaladi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\netcoreangularcli\netcoreangularcli\dist\out-tsc\e2e\app.e2e-spec.js.map
c:\users\bssaladi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\netcoreangularcli\netcoreangularcli\dist\out-tsc\client-src\app\app.component.js
c:\users\bssaladi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\netcoreangularcli\netcoreangularcli\dist\out-tsc\client-src\app\app.component.js.map
c:\users\bssaladi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\netcoreangularcli\netcoreangularcli\dist\out-tsc\client-src\app\app.component.spec.js
c:\users\bssaladi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\netcoreangularcli\netcoreangularcli\dist\out-tsc\client-src\app\app.component.spec.js.map
c:\users\bssaladi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\netcoreangularcli\netcoreangularcli\dist\out-tsc\client-src\app\app.module.js
c:\users\bssaladi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\netcoreangularcli\netcoreangularcli\dist\out-tsc\client-src\app\app.module.js.map
c:\users\bssaladi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\netcoreangularcli\netcoreangularcli\dist\out-tsc\client-src\environments\environment - Copy.prod.js
c:\users\bssaladi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\netcoreangularcli\netcoreangularcli\dist\out-tsc\client-src\environments\environment - Copy.prod.js.map
c:\users\bssaladi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\netcoreangularcli\netcoreangularcli\dist\out-tsc\client-src\environments\environment.prod.js
c:\users\bssaladi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\netcoreangularcli\netcoreangularcli\dist\out-tsc\client-src\environments\environment.prod.js.map
c:\users\bssaladi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\netcoreangularcli\netcoreangularcli\dist\out-tsc\client-src\environments\environment.js
c:\users\bssaladi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\netcoreangularcli\netcoreangularcli\dist\out-tsc\client-src\environments\environment.js.map
c:\users\bssaladi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\netcoreangularcli\netcoreangularcli\dist\out-tsc\client-src\main.js
c:\users\bssaladi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\netcoreangularcli\netcoreangularcli\dist\out-tsc\client-src\main.js.map
c:\users\bssaladi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\netcoreangularcli\netcoreangularcli\dist\out-tsc\client-src\polyfills.js
c:\users\bssaladi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\netcoreangularcli\netcoreangularcli\dist\out-tsc\client-src\polyfills.js.map
c:\users\bssaladi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\netcoreangularcli\netcoreangularcli\dist\out-tsc\client-src\test.js
c:\users\bssaladi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\netcoreangularcli\netcoreangularcli\dist\out-tsc\client-src\test.js.map
c:\users\bssaladi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\netcoreangularcli\netcoreangularcli\dist\out-tsc\e2e\app.po.js
c:\users\bssaladi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\netcoreangularcli\netcoreangularcli\dist\out-tsc\e2e\app.po.js.map
c:\users\bssaladi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\netcoreangularcli\netcoreangularcli\dist\out-tsc\e2e\app.e2e-spec.js
c:\users\bssaladi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\netcoreangularcli\netcoreangularcli\dist\out-tsc\e2e\app.e2e-spec.js.map
c:\users\bssaladi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\netcoreangularcli\netcoreangularcli\dist\out-tsc\client-src\app\app.component.js
c:\users\bssaladi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\netcoreangularcli\netcoreangularcli\dist\out-tsc\client-src\app\app.component.js.map
c:\users\bssaladi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\netcoreangularcli\netcoreangularcli\dist\out-tsc\client-src\app\app.component.spec.js
c:\users\bssaladi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\netcoreangularcli\netcoreangularcli\dist\out-tsc\client-src\app\app.component.spec.js.map
c:\users\bssaladi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\netcoreangularcli\netcoreangularcli\dist\out-tsc\client-src\app\app.module.js
c:\users\bssaladi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\netcoreangularcli\netcoreangularcli\dist\out-tsc\client-src\app\app.module.js.map
c:\users\bssaladi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\netcoreangularcli\netcoreangularcli\dist\out-tsc\client-src\environments\environment.hmr.js
c:\users\bssaladi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\netcoreangularcli\netcoreangularcli\dist\out-tsc\client-src\environments\environment.hmr.js.map
c:\users\bssaladi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\netcoreangularcli\netcoreangularcli\dist\out-tsc\client-src\environments\environment.prod.js
c:\users\bssaladi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\netcoreangularcli\netcoreangularcli\dist\out-tsc\client-src\environments\environment.prod.js.map
c:\users\bssaladi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\netcoreangularcli\netcoreangularcli\dist\out-tsc\client-src\environments\environment.js
c:\users\bssaladi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\netcoreangularcli\netcoreangularcli\dist\out-tsc\client-src\environments\environment.js.map
c:\users\bssaladi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\netcoreangularcli\netcoreangularcli\dist\out-tsc\client-src\main.js
c:\users\bssaladi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\netcoreangularcli\netcoreangularcli\dist\out-tsc\client-src\main.js.map
c:\users\bssaladi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\netcoreangularcli\netcoreangularcli\dist\out-tsc\client-src\polyfills.js
c:\users\bssaladi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\netcoreangularcli\netcoreangularcli\dist\out-tsc\client-src\polyfills.js.map
c:\users\bssaladi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\netcoreangularcli\netcoreangularcli\dist\out-tsc\client-src\test.js
c:\users\bssaladi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\netcoreangularcli\netcoreangularcli\dist\out-tsc\client-src\test.js.map
c:\users\bssaladi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\netcoreangularcli\netcoreangularcli\dist\out-tsc\e2e\app.po.js
c:\users\bssaladi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\netcoreangularcli\netcoreangularcli\dist\out-tsc\e2e\app.po.js.map
c:\users\bssaladi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\netcoreangularcli\netcoreangularcli\dist\out-tsc\e2e\app.e2e-spec.js
c:\users\bssaladi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\netcoreangularcli\netcoreangularcli\dist\out-tsc\e2e\app.e2e-spec.js.map
c:\users\bssaladi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\netcoreangularcli\netcoreangularcli\dist\out-tsc\client-src\app\app.component.js
c:\users\bssaladi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\netcoreangularcli\netcoreangularcli\dist\out-tsc\client-src\app\app.component.js.map
c:\users\bssaladi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\netcoreangularcli\netcoreangularcli\dist\out-tsc\client-src\app\app.component.spec.js
c:\users\bssaladi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\netcoreangularcli\netcoreangularcli\dist\out-tsc\client-src\app\app.component.spec.js.map
c:\users\bssaladi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\netcoreangularcli\netcoreangularcli\dist\out-tsc\client-src\app\app.module.js
c:\users\bssaladi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\netcoreangularcli\netcoreangularcli\dist\out-tsc\client-src\app\app.module.js.map
c:\users\bssaladi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\netcoreangularcli\netcoreangularcli\dist\out-tsc\client-src\environments\environment.hmr.js
c:\users\bssaladi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\netcoreangularcli\netcoreangularcli\dist\out-tsc\client-src\environments\environment.hmr.js.map
c:\users\bssaladi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\netcoreangularcli\netcoreangularcli\dist\out-tsc\client-src\environments\environment.prod.js
c:\users\bssaladi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\netcoreangularcli\netcoreangularcli\dist\out-tsc\client-src\environments\environment.prod.js.map
c:\users\bssaladi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\netcoreangularcli\netcoreangularcli\dist\out-tsc\client-src\environments\environment.js
c:\users\bssaladi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\netcoreangularcli\netcoreangularcli\dist\out-tsc\client-src\environments\environment.js.map
c:\users\bssaladi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\netcoreangularcli\netcoreangularcli\dist\out-tsc\client-src\main.js
c:\users\bssaladi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\netcoreangularcli\netcoreangularcli\dist\out-tsc\client-src\main.js.map
c:\users\bssaladi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\netcoreangularcli\netcoreangularcli\dist\out-tsc\client-src\polyfills.js
c:\users\bssaladi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\netcoreangularcli\netcoreangularcli\dist\out-tsc\client-src\polyfills.js.map
c:\users\bssaladi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\netcoreangularcli\netcoreangularcli\dist\out-tsc\client-src\test.js
c:\users\bssaladi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\netcoreangularcli\netcoreangularcli\dist\out-tsc\client-src\test.js.map
c:\users\bssaladi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\netcoreangularcli\netcoreangularcli\dist\out-tsc\e2e\app.po.js
c:\users\bssaladi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\netcoreangularcli\netcoreangularcli\dist\out-tsc\e2e\app.po.js.map
c:\users\bssaladi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\netcoreangularcli\netcoreangularcli\dist\out-tsc\e2e\app.e2e-spec.js
c:\users\bssaladi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\netcoreangularcli\netcoreangularcli\dist\out-tsc\e2e\app.e2e-spec.js.map
c:\users\bssaladi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\netcoreangularcli\netcoreangularcli\dist\out-tsc\client-src\app\app.component.js
c:\users\bssaladi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\netcoreangularcli\netcoreangularcli\dist\out-tsc\client-src\app\app.component.js.map
c:\users\bssaladi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\netcoreangularcli\netcoreangularcli\dist\out-tsc\client-src\app\app.component.spec.js
c:\users\bssaladi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\netcoreangularcli\netcoreangularcli\dist\out-tsc\client-src\app\app.component.spec.js.map
c:\users\bssaladi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\netcoreangularcli\netcoreangularcli\dist\out-tsc\client-src\app\app.module.js
c:\users\bssaladi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\netcoreangularcli\netcoreangularcli\dist\out-tsc\client-src\app\app.module.js.map
c:\users\bssaladi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\netcoreangularcli\netcoreangularcli\dist\out-tsc\client-src\environments\environment.hmr.js
c:\users\bssaladi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\netcoreangularcli\netcoreangularcli\dist\out-tsc\client-src\environments\environment.hmr.js.map
c:\users\bssaladi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\netcoreangularcli\netcoreangularcli\dist\out-tsc\client-src\environments\environment.prod.js
c:\users\bssaladi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\netcoreangularcli\netcoreangularcli\dist\out-tsc\client-src\environments\environment.prod.js.map
c:\users\bssaladi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\netcoreangularcli\netcoreangularcli\dist\out-tsc\client-src\environments\environment.js
c:\users\bssaladi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\netcoreangularcli\netcoreangularcli\dist\out-tsc\client-src\environments\environment.js.map
c:\users\bssaladi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\netcoreangularcli\netcoreangularcli\dist\out-tsc\client-src\hmr.js
c:\users\bssaladi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\netcoreangularcli\netcoreangularcli\dist\out-tsc\client-src\hmr.js.map
c:\users\bssaladi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\netcoreangularcli\netcoreangularcli\dist\out-tsc\client-src\main.js
c:\users\bssaladi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\netcoreangularcli\netcoreangularcli\dist\out-tsc\client-src\main.js.map
c:\users\bssaladi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\netcoreangularcli\netcoreangularcli\dist\out-tsc\client-src\polyfills.js
c:\users\bssaladi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\netcoreangularcli\netcoreangularcli\dist\out-tsc\client-src\polyfills.js.map
c:\users\bssaladi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\netcoreangularcli\netcoreangularcli\dist\out-tsc\client-src\test.js
c:\users\bssaladi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\netcoreangularcli\netcoreangularcli\dist\out-tsc\client-src\test.js.map
c:\users\bssaladi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\netcoreangularcli\netcoreangularcli\dist\out-tsc\e2e\app.po.js
c:\users\bssaladi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\netcoreangularcli\netcoreangularcli\dist\out-tsc\e2e\app.po.js.map
c:\users\bssaladi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\netcoreangularcli\netcoreangularcli\dist\out-tsc\e2e\app.e2e-spec.js
c:\users\bssaladi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\netcoreangularcli\netcoreangularcli\dist\out-tsc\e2e\app.e2e-spec.js.map
c:\users\bssaladi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\netcoreangularcli\netcoreangularcli\dist\out-tsc\client-src\app\app.component.js
c:\users\bssaladi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\netcoreangularcli\netcoreangularcli\dist\out-tsc\client-src\app\app.component.js.map
c:\users\bssaladi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\netcoreangularcli\netcoreangularcli\dist\out-tsc\client-src\app\app.component.spec.js
c:\users\bssaladi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\netcoreangularcli\netcoreangularcli\dist\out-tsc\client-src\app\app.component.spec.js.map
c:\users\bssaladi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\netcoreangularcli\netcoreangularcli\dist\out-tsc\client-src\app\app.module.js
c:\users\bssaladi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\netcoreangularcli\netcoreangularcli\dist\out-tsc\client-src\app\app.module.js.map
c:\users\bssaladi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\netcoreangularcli\netcoreangularcli\dist\out-tsc\client-src\environments\environment.hmr.js
c:\users\bssaladi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\netcoreangularcli\netcoreangularcli\dist\out-tsc\client-src\environments\environment.hmr.js.map
c:\users\bssaladi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\netcoreangularcli\netcoreangularcli\dist\out-tsc\client-src\environments\environment.prod.js
c:\users\bssaladi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\netcoreangularcli\netcoreangularcli\dist\out-tsc\client-src\environments\environment.prod.js.map
c:\users\bssaladi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\netcoreangularcli\netcoreangularcli\dist\out-tsc\client-src\environments\environment.js
c:\users\bssaladi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\netcoreangularcli\netcoreangularcli\dist\out-tsc\client-src\environments\environment.js.map
c:\users\bssaladi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\netcoreangularcli\netcoreangularcli\dist\out-tsc\client-src\hmr.js
c:\users\bssaladi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\netcoreangularcli\netcoreangularcli\dist\out-tsc\client-src\hmr.js.map
c:\users\bssaladi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\netcoreangularcli\netcoreangularcli\dist\out-tsc\client-src\main.js
c:\users\bssaladi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\netcoreangularcli\netcoreangularcli\dist\out-tsc\client-src\main.js.map
c:\users\bssaladi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\netcoreangularcli\netcoreangularcli\dist\out-tsc\client-src\polyfills.js
c:\users\bssaladi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\netcoreangularcli\netcoreangularcli\dist\out-tsc\client-src\polyfills.js.map
c:\users\bssaladi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\netcoreangularcli\netcoreangularcli\dist\out-tsc\client-src\test.js
c:\users\bssaladi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\netcoreangularcli\netcoreangularcli\dist\out-tsc\client-src\test.js.map
c:\users\bssaladi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\netcoreangularcli\netcoreangularcli\dist\out-tsc\e2e\app.po.js
c:\users\bssaladi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\netcoreangularcli\netcoreangularcli\dist\out-tsc\e2e\app.po.js.map
c:\users\bssaladi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\netcoreangularcli\netcoreangularcli\dist\out-tsc\e2e\app.e2e-spec.js
c:\users\bssaladi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\netcoreangularcli\netcoreangularcli\dist\out-tsc\e2e\app.e2e-spec.js.map
c:\users\bssaladi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\netcoreangularcli\netcoreangularcli\dist\out-tsc\client-src\app\app.component.js
c:\users\bssaladi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\netcoreangularcli\netcoreangularcli\dist\out-tsc\client-src\app\app.component.js.map
c:\users\bssaladi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\netcoreangularcli\netcoreangularcli\dist\out-tsc\client-src\app\app.component.spec.js
c:\users\bssaladi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\netcoreangularcli\netcoreangularcli\dist\out-tsc\client-src\app\app.component.spec.js.map
c:\users\bssaladi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\netcoreangularcli\netcoreangularcli\dist\out-tsc\client-src\app\app.module.js
c:\users\bssaladi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\netcoreangularcli\netcoreangularcli\dist\out-tsc\client-src\app\app.module.js.map
c:\users\bssaladi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\netcoreangularcli\netcoreangularcli\dist\out-tsc\client-src\environments\environment.hmr.js
c:\users\bssaladi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\netcoreangularcli\netcoreangularcli\dist\out-tsc\client-src\environments\environment.hmr.js.map
c:\users\bssaladi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\netcoreangularcli\netcoreangularcli\dist\out-tsc\client-src\environments\environment.prod.js
c:\users\bssaladi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\netcoreangularcli\netcoreangularcli\dist\out-tsc\client-src\environments\environment.prod.js.map
c:\users\bssaladi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\netcoreangularcli\netcoreangularcli\dist\out-tsc\client-src\environments\environment.js
c:\users\bssaladi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\netcoreangularcli\netcoreangularcli\dist\out-tsc\client-src\environments\environment.js.map
c:\users\bssaladi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\netcoreangularcli\netcoreangularcli\dist\out-tsc\client-src\hmr.js
c:\users\bssaladi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\netcoreangularcli\netcoreangularcli\dist\out-tsc\client-src\hmr.js.map
c:\users\bssaladi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\netcoreangularcli\netcoreangularcli\dist\out-tsc\client-src\main.js
c:\users\bssaladi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\netcoreangularcli\netcoreangularcli\dist\out-tsc\client-src\main.js.map
c:\users\bssaladi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\netcoreangularcli\netcoreangularcli\dist\out-tsc\client-src\polyfills.js
c:\users\bssaladi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\netcoreangularcli\netcoreangularcli\dist\out-tsc\client-src\polyfills.js.map
c:\users\bssaladi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\netcoreangularcli\netcoreangularcli\dist\out-tsc\client-src\test.js
c:\users\bssaladi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\netcoreangularcli\netcoreangularcli\dist\out-tsc\client-src\test.js.map
c:\users\bssaladi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\netcoreangularcli\netcoreangularcli\dist\out-tsc\e2e\app.po.js
c:\users\bssaladi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\netcoreangularcli\netcoreangularcli\dist\out-tsc\e2e\app.po.js.map
c:\users\bssaladi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\netcoreangularcli\netcoreangularcli\dist\out-tsc\e2e\app.e2e-spec.js
c:\users\bssaladi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\netcoreangularcli\netcoreangularcli\dist\out-tsc\e2e\app.e2e-spec.js.map
c:\users\bssaladi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\netcoreangularcli\netcoreangularcli\dist\out-tsc\client-src\app\app.component.js
c:\users\bssaladi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\netcoreangularcli\netcoreangularcli\dist\out-tsc\client-src\app\app.component.js.map
c:\users\bssaladi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\netcoreangularcli\netcoreangularcli\dist\out-tsc\client-src\app\app.component.spec.js
c:\users\bssaladi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\netcoreangularcli\netcoreangularcli\dist\out-tsc\client-src\app\app.component.spec.js.map
c:\users\bssaladi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\netcoreangularcli\netcoreangularcli\dist\out-tsc\client-src\app\app.module.js
c:\users\bssaladi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\netcoreangularcli\netcoreangularcli\dist\out-tsc\client-src\app\app.module.js.map
c:\users\bssaladi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\netcoreangularcli\netcoreangularcli\dist\out-tsc\client-src\environments\environment.hmr.js
c:\users\bssaladi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\netcoreangularcli\netcoreangularcli\dist\out-tsc\client-src\environments\environment.hmr.js.map
c:\users\bssaladi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\netcoreangularcli\netcoreangularcli\dist\out-tsc\client-src\environments\environment.prod.js
c:\users\bssaladi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\netcoreangularcli\netcoreangularcli\dist\out-tsc\client-src\environments\environment.prod.js.map
c:\users\bssaladi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\netcoreangularcli\netcoreangularcli\dist\out-tsc\client-src\environments\environment.js
c:\users\bssaladi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\netcoreangularcli\netcoreangularcli\dist\out-tsc\client-src\environments\environment.js.map
c:\users\bssaladi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\netcoreangularcli\netcoreangularcli\dist\out-tsc\client-src\hmr.js
c:\users\bssaladi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\netcoreangularcli\netcoreangularcli\dist\out-tsc\client-src\hmr.js.map
c:\users\bssaladi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\netcoreangularcli\netcoreangularcli\dist\out-tsc\client-src\main.js
c:\users\bssaladi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\netcoreangularcli\netcoreangularcli\dist\out-tsc\client-src\main.js.map
c:\users\bssaladi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\netcoreangularcli\netcoreangularcli\dist\out-tsc\client-src\polyfills.js
c:\users\bssaladi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\netcoreangularcli\netcoreangularcli\dist\out-tsc\client-src\polyfills.js.map
c:\users\bssaladi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\netcoreangularcli\netcoreangularcli\dist\out-tsc\client-src\test.js
c:\users\bssaladi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\netcoreangularcli\netcoreangularcli\dist\out-tsc\client-src\test.js.map
c:\users\bssaladi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\netcoreangularcli\netcoreangularcli\dist\out-tsc\e2e\app.po.js
c:\users\bssaladi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\netcoreangularcli\netcoreangularcli\dist\out-tsc\e2e\app.po.js.map
c:\users\bssaladi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\netcoreangularcli\netcoreangularcli\dist\out-tsc\e2e\app.e2e-spec.js
c:\users\bssaladi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\netcoreangularcli\netcoreangularcli\dist\out-tsc\e2e\app.e2e-spec.js.map
c:\users\bssaladi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\netcoreangularcli\netcoreangularcli\dist\out-tsc\client-src\app\app.component.js
c:\users\bssaladi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\netcoreangularcli\netcoreangularcli\dist\out-tsc\client-src\app\app.component.js.map
c:\users\bssaladi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\netcoreangularcli\netcoreangularcli\dist\out-tsc\client-src\app\app.component.spec.js
c:\users\bssaladi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\netcoreangularcli\netcoreangularcli\dist\out-tsc\client-src\app\app.component.spec.js.map
c:\users\bssaladi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\netcoreangularcli\netcoreangularcli\dist\out-tsc\client-src\app\app.module.js
c:\users\bssaladi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\netcoreangularcli\netcoreangularcli\dist\out-tsc\client-src\app\app.module.js.map
c:\users\bssaladi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\netcoreangularcli\netcoreangularcli\dist\out-tsc\client-src\environments\environment.hmr.js
c:\users\bssaladi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\netcoreangularcli\netcoreangularcli\dist\out-tsc\client-src\environments\environment.hmr.js.map
c:\users\bssaladi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\netcoreangularcli\netcoreangularcli\dist\out-tsc\client-src\environments\environment.prod.js
c:\users\bssaladi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\netcoreangularcli\netcoreangularcli\dist\out-tsc\client-src\environments\environment.prod.js.map
c:\users\bssaladi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\netcoreangularcli\netcoreangularcli\dist\out-tsc\client-src\environments\environment.js
c:\users\bssaladi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\netcoreangularcli\netcoreangularcli\dist\out-tsc\client-src\environments\environment.js.map
c:\users\bssaladi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\netcoreangularcli\netcoreangularcli\dist\out-tsc\client-src\hmr.js
c:\users\bssaladi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\netcoreangularcli\netcoreangularcli\dist\out-tsc\client-src\hmr.js.map
c:\users\bssaladi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\netcoreangularcli\netcoreangularcli\dist\out-tsc\client-src\main.js
c:\users\bssaladi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\netcoreangularcli\netcoreangularcli\dist\out-tsc\client-src\main.js.map
c:\users\bssaladi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\netcoreangularcli\netcoreangularcli\dist\out-tsc\client-src\polyfills.js
c:\users\bssaladi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\netcoreangularcli\netcoreangularcli\dist\out-tsc\client-src\polyfills.js.map
c:\users\bssaladi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\netcoreangularcli\netcoreangularcli\dist\out-tsc\client-src\test.js
c:\users\bssaladi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\netcoreangularcli\netcoreangularcli\dist\out-tsc\client-src\test.js.map
c:\users\bssaladi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\netcoreangularcli\netcoreangularcli\dist\out-tsc\e2e\app.po.js
c:\users\bssaladi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\netcoreangularcli\netcoreangularcli\dist\out-tsc\e2e\app.po.js.map
c:\users\bssaladi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\netcoreangularcli\netcoreangularcli\dist\out-tsc\e2e\app.e2e-spec.js
c:\users\bssaladi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\netcoreangularcli\netcoreangularcli\dist\out-tsc\e2e\app.e2e-spec.js.map
c:\users\bssaladi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\netcoreangularcli\netcoreangularcli\dist\out-tsc\client-src\app\app.component.js
c:\users\bssaladi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\netcoreangularcli\netcoreangularcli\dist\out-tsc\client-src\app\app.component.js.map
c:\users\bssaladi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\netcoreangularcli\netcoreangularcli\dist\out-tsc\client-src\app\app.component.spec.js
c:\users\bssaladi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\netcoreangularcli\netcoreangularcli\dist\out-tsc\client-src\app\app.component.spec.js.map
c:\users\bssaladi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\netcoreangularcli\netcoreangularcli\dist\out-tsc\client-src\app\app.module.js
c:\users\bssaladi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\netcoreangularcli\netcoreangularcli\dist\out-tsc\client-src\app\app.module.js.map
c:\users\bssaladi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\netcoreangularcli\netcoreangularcli\dist\out-tsc\client-src\environments\environment.hmr.js
c:\users\bssaladi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\netcoreangularcli\netcoreangularcli\dist\out-tsc\client-src\environments\environment.hmr.js.map
c:\users\bssaladi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\netcoreangularcli\netcoreangularcli\dist\out-tsc\client-src\environments\environment.prod.js
c:\users\bssaladi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\netcoreangularcli\netcoreangularcli\dist\out-tsc\client-src\environments\environment.prod.js.map
c:\users\bssaladi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\netcoreangularcli\netcoreangularcli\dist\out-tsc\client-src\environments\environment.js
c:\users\bssaladi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\netcoreangularcli\netcoreangularcli\dist\out-tsc\client-src\environments\environment.js.map
c:\users\bssaladi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\netcoreangularcli\netcoreangularcli\dist\out-tsc\client-src\hmr.js
c:\users\bssaladi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\netcoreangularcli\netcoreangularcli\dist\out-tsc\client-src\hmr.js.map
c:\users\bssaladi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\netcoreangularcli\netcoreangularcli\dist\out-tsc\client-src\main.js
c:\users\bssaladi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\netcoreangularcli\netcoreangularcli\dist\out-tsc\client-src\main.js.map
c:\users\bssaladi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\netcoreangularcli\netcoreangularcli\dist\out-tsc\client-src\polyfills.js
c:\users\bssaladi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\netcoreangularcli\netcoreangularcli\dist\out-tsc\client-src\polyfills.js.map
c:\users\bssaladi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\netcoreangularcli\netcoreangularcli\dist\out-tsc\client-src\test.js
c:\users\bssaladi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\netcoreangularcli\netcoreangularcli\dist\out-tsc\client-src\test.js.map
c:\users\bssaladi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\netcoreangularcli\netcoreangularcli\dist\out-tsc\e2e\app.po.js
c:\users\bssaladi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\netcoreangularcli\netcoreangularcli\dist\out-tsc\e2e\app.po.js.map
c:\users\bssaladi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\netcoreangularcli\netcoreangularcli\dist\out-tsc\e2e\app.e2e-spec.js
c:\users\bssaladi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\netcoreangularcli\netcoreangularcli\dist\out-tsc\e2e\app.e2e-spec.js.map
c:\users\bssaladi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\netcoreangularcli\netcoreangularcli\dist\out-tsc\client-src\app\app.component.js
c:\users\bssaladi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\netcoreangularcli\netcoreangularcli\dist\out-tsc\client-src\app\app.component.js.map
c:\users\bssaladi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\netcoreangularcli\netcoreangularcli\dist\out-tsc\client-src\app\app.component.spec.js
c:\users\bssaladi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\netcoreangularcli\netcoreangularcli\dist\out-tsc\client-src\app\app.component.spec.js.map
c:\users\bssaladi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\netcoreangularcli\netcoreangularcli\dist\out-tsc\client-src\app\app.module.js
c:\users\bssaladi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\netcoreangularcli\netcoreangularcli\dist\out-tsc\client-src\app\app.module.js.map
c:\users\bssaladi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\netcoreangularcli\netcoreangularcli\dist\out-tsc\client-src\environments\environment.hmr.js
c:\users\bssaladi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\netcoreangularcli\netcoreangularcli\dist\out-tsc\client-src\environments\environment.hmr.js.map
c:\users\bssaladi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\netcoreangularcli\netcoreangularcli\dist\out-tsc\client-src\environments\environment.prod.js
c:\users\bssaladi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\netcoreangularcli\netcoreangularcli\dist\out-tsc\client-src\environments\environment.prod.js.map
c:\users\bssaladi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\netcoreangularcli\netcoreangularcli\dist\out-tsc\client-src\environments\environment.js
c:\users\bssaladi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\netcoreangularcli\netcoreangularcli\dist\out-tsc\client-src\environments\environment.js.map
c:\users\bssaladi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\netcoreangularcli\netcoreangularcli\dist\out-tsc\client-src\hmr.js
c:\users\bssaladi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\netcoreangularcli\netcoreangularcli\dist\out-tsc\client-src\hmr.js.map
c:\users\bssaladi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\netcoreangularcli\netcoreangularcli\dist\out-tsc\client-src\main.js
c:\users\bssaladi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\netcoreangularcli\netcoreangularcli\dist\out-tsc\client-src\main.js.map
c:\users\bssaladi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\netcoreangularcli\netcoreangularcli\dist\out-tsc\client-src\polyfills.js
c:\users\bssaladi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\netcoreangularcli\netcoreangularcli\dist\out-tsc\client-src\polyfills.js.map
c:\users\bssaladi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\netcoreangularcli\netcoreangularcli\dist\out-tsc\client-src\test.js
c:\users\bssaladi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\netcoreangularcli\netcoreangularcli\dist\out-tsc\client-src\test.js.map
c:\users\bssaladi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\netcoreangularcli\netcoreangularcli\dist\out-tsc\e2e\app.po.js
c:\users\bssaladi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\netcoreangularcli\netcoreangularcli\dist\out-tsc\e2e\app.po.js.map
c:\users\bssaladi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\netcoreangularcli\netcoreangularcli\dist\out-tsc\e2e\app.e2e-spec.js
c:\users\bssaladi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\netcoreangularcli\netcoreangularcli\dist\out-tsc\e2e\app.e2e-spec.js.map
c:\users\bssaladi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\netcoreangularcli\netcoreangularcli\dist\out-tsc\client-src\app\app.component.js
c:\users\bssaladi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\netcoreangularcli\netcoreangularcli\dist\out-tsc\client-src\app\app.component.js.map
c:\users\bssaladi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\netcoreangularcli\netcoreangularcli\dist\out-tsc\client-src\app\app.component.spec.js
c:\users\bssaladi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\netcoreangularcli\netcoreangularcli\dist\out-tsc\client-src\app\app.component.spec.js.map
c:\users\bssaladi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\netcoreangularcli\netcoreangularcli\dist\out-tsc\client-src\app\app.module.js
c:\users\bssaladi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\netcoreangularcli\netcoreangularcli\dist\out-tsc\client-src\app\app.module.js.map
c:\users\bssaladi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\netcoreangularcli\netcoreangularcli\dist\out-tsc\client-src\environments\environment.hmr.js
c:\users\bssaladi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\netcoreangularcli\netcoreangularcli\dist\out-tsc\client-src\environments\environment.hmr.js.map
c:\users\bssaladi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\netcoreangularcli\netcoreangularcli\dist\out-tsc\client-src\environments\environment.prod.js
c:\users\bssaladi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\netcoreangularcli\netcoreangularcli\dist\out-tsc\client-src\environments\environment.prod.js.map
c:\users\bssaladi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\netcoreangularcli\netcoreangularcli\dist\out-tsc\client-src\environments\environment.js
c:\users\bssaladi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\netcoreangularcli\netcoreangularcli\dist\out-tsc\client-src\environments\environment.js.map
c:\users\bssaladi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\netcoreangularcli\netcoreangularcli\dist\out-tsc\client-src\hmr.js
c:\users\bssaladi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\netcoreangularcli\netcoreangularcli\dist\out-tsc\client-src\hmr.js.map
c:\users\bssaladi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\netcoreangularcli\netcoreangularcli\dist\out-tsc\client-src\main.js
c:\users\bssaladi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\netcoreangularcli\netcoreangularcli\dist\out-tsc\client-src\main.js.map
c:\users\bssaladi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\netcoreangularcli\netcoreangularcli\dist\out-tsc\client-src\polyfills.js
c:\users\bssaladi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\netcoreangularcli\netcoreangularcli\dist\out-tsc\client-src\polyfills.js.map
c:\users\bssaladi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\netcoreangularcli\netcoreangularcli\dist\out-tsc\client-src\test.js
c:\users\bssaladi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\netcoreangularcli\netcoreangularcli\dist\out-tsc\client-src\test.js.map
c:\users\bssaladi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\netcoreangularcli\netcoreangularcli\dist\out-tsc\e2e\app.po.js
c:\users\bssaladi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\netcoreangularcli\netcoreangularcli\dist\out-tsc\e2e\app.po.js.map
c:\users\bssaladi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\netcoreangularcli\netcoreangularcli\dist\out-tsc\e2e\app.e2e-spec.js
c:\users\bssaladi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\netcoreangularcli\netcoreangularcli\dist\out-tsc\e2e\app.e2e-spec.js.map
c:\users\bssaladi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\netcoreangularcli\netcoreangularcli\dist\out-tsc\client-src\app\app.component.js
c:\users\bssaladi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\netcoreangularcli\netcoreangularcli\dist\out-tsc\client-src\app\app.component.js.map
c:\users\bssaladi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\netcoreangularcli\netcoreangularcli\dist\out-tsc\client-src\app\app.component.spec.js
c:\users\bssaladi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\netcoreangularcli\netcoreangularcli\dist\out-tsc\client-src\app\app.component.spec.js.map
c:\users\bssaladi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\netcoreangularcli\netcoreangularcli\dist\out-tsc\client-src\app\app.module.js
c:\users\bssaladi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\netcoreangularcli\netcoreangularcli\dist\out-tsc\client-src\app\app.module.js.map
c:\users\bssaladi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\netcoreangularcli\netcoreangularcli\dist\out-tsc\client-src\environments\environment.hmr.js
c:\users\bssaladi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\netcoreangularcli\netcoreangularcli\dist\out-tsc\client-src\environments\environment.hmr.js.map
c:\users\bssaladi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\netcoreangularcli\netcoreangularcli\dist\out-tsc\client-src\environments\environment.prod.js
c:\users\bssaladi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\netcoreangularcli\netcoreangularcli\dist\out-tsc\client-src\environments\environment.prod.js.map
c:\users\bssaladi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\netcoreangularcli\netcoreangularcli\dist\out-tsc\client-src\environments\environment.js
c:\users\bssaladi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\netcoreangularcli\netcoreangularcli\dist\out-tsc\client-src\environments\environment.js.map
c:\users\bssaladi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\netcoreangularcli\netcoreangularcli\dist\out-tsc\client-src\hmr.js
c:\users\bssaladi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\netcoreangularcli\netcoreangularcli\dist\out-tsc\client-src\hmr.js.map
c:\users\bssaladi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\netcoreangularcli\netcoreangularcli\dist\out-tsc\client-src\main.js
c:\users\bssaladi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\netcoreangularcli\netcoreangularcli\dist\out-tsc\client-src\main.js.map
c:\users\bssaladi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\netcoreangularcli\netcoreangularcli\dist\out-tsc\client-src\polyfills.js
c:\users\bssaladi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\netcoreangularcli\netcoreangularcli\dist\out-tsc\client-src\polyfills.js.map
c:\users\bssaladi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\netcoreangularcli\netcoreangularcli\dist\out-tsc\client-src\test.js
c:\users\bssaladi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\netcoreangularcli\netcoreangularcli\dist\out-tsc\client-src\test.js.map
c:\users\bssaladi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\netcoreangularcli\netcoreangularcli\dist\out-tsc\e2e\app.po.js
c:\users\bssaladi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\netcoreangularcli\netcoreangularcli\dist\out-tsc\e2e\app.po.js.map
c:\users\bssaladi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\netcoreangularcli\netcoreangularcli\dist\out-tsc\e2e\app.e2e-spec.js
c:\users\bssaladi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\netcoreangularcli\netcoreangularcli\dist\out-tsc\e2e\app.e2e-spec.js.map
